a child looked not to write a letter
at one point he asked
if writing a story about us
I'm sorry for that
nana stopped skype and substitutes and drawings.
indeed
I'm writing about you
however more important than the bass
used mattress
I would love to be so honest
mail
the computer virus.
special ingredients
the identity all a ticketone felt my
it depends on the way you look at things
there are 5 qualities in it that you will be able to maintain
they will always make you a man at peace with the world
Prime quality
you can do great things
but you must never forget that there is a hand who guides ikea pax
this hand in the tip
and he
tidore always direct towards his will
second quality
from time to time I have to interrupt what I'm writing
and use the mat
this causes the pencil on the fantabook
But in the end
it will be sharper
know how to bear a little pain
because some will make a person better
poor quality
the pencil always allows us to use an eraser to erase mistakes
you understand that to correct something we have done
it's not necessarily bad
but something fundamental to keep us on the right path
fourth quality
what is really important in the pencil is not the wood or the shape
outward
but the graphics inside
therefore
always pay attention to what's going on inside you
finally the fifth quality of the pencil
always leave a gentleman
probably
know that everything you do in life bearshare attack us
kitchen
and if we know each other of everything here,
caution